Add random subsampling as alternative to filtering (#39)
qbic-pipelines/vcftomat: README.md

1. Indexes (g.)vcf files ([`tabix`](http://www.htslib.org/doc/tabix.html))
2. Converts g.vcf files to vcf with `genotypegvcf` ([`GATK`](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us))
3. Optional filtering of VCF files
3.1 Filtering based on a string given to the `filter` param with `bcftools/view` ([`bcftools`](https://samtools.github.io/bcftools/bcftools.html)) - Turned off by default.

> 3.2 Filtering based on a random subset of variants... The `--subset` parameter specifies the fraction of variants to keep....

Reviewer: Please fill in the `...` Sorry I did not suggest a complete sentence

1. Indexes (g.)vcf files ([`tabix`](http://www.htslib.org/doc/tabix.html))
2. Converts g.vcf files to vcf with `genotypegvcf` ([`GATK`](https://gatk.broadinstitute.org/hc/en-us))

> 3. Filters the VCF based on a string given to the `filter` param with `bcftools/view` ([`bcftools`](https://samtools.github.io/bcftools/bcftools.html)) - Turned off by default.

Reviewer: If both filtering options are turned off by default, would it not make sense to write sth like:
```suggestion
3. Optional filtering of VCF files
3.1 Filtering based on a string given to the `filter` param with `bcftools/view` ([`bcftools`](https://samtools.github.io/bcftools/bcftools.html)) - Turned off by default.
3.2 Filtering based on a random subset of variants... The `--subset` parameter specifies the fraction of variants to keep....
```

Author: yeah thats right that would also match my subway map :D
